it wouldn't be the first time and it
never ends well let's take a look
through the pages of history and outline
what happened the previous two instances
you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today
we'll look at what happens when you
ditch the dollar let's begin in
Venezuela the president has said that
his country is going to free itself from
the US dollar next week using the
weakest of the two official foreign
exchange regimes and a basket of
currencies so the one that he was
referring to the dollar buys 3300
bolivars at the strongest official rate
one dollar buys ten bolivars but on the
black market it buys twenty thousand
bolívar's and guess what the people are
often buying on the black market but
they can't afford to do so so I guess
they're not eating dinner tonight a
thousand dollars of local currency
bought when Maduro came to power check
this out in 2013 would now be worth a
dollar twenty and this is when you know
that it is gone the currency is
worthless it's going to be officially
worthless at some point but it's
worthless right now in a four year time
period things escalated very very fast
people don't realize that okay so what
happened in the previous instances well
let's just check for that Freedom of
Information Act request oops it's gone
off the site that's right when you want
to know some good information don't rely
on them to keep it there you need to
make a copy so the smart individuals a
foreign policy journal did just that all
right so what we can see here is that in
2011 we had some information now this is
part of the whole killer emails and one
of the things was talking about Gaddafi
and what they had suggested here within
these emails it is official this is not
some sort of you know strange thing that
came up out of nowhere this is
officially documented okay the gold that
was accumulated prior to the current
rebellion was intended to
be used to establish a pen African
currency based on the Libyan golden
dinar the plan was designed to provide
the francophone African countries with
an alternative to the French franc wow
that's huge
a gold-backed currency that would unite
parts of Africa
that can't happen that cannot happen and
they didn't let it happen and this is
what you get when you try to ditch the
dollar alright there's more talk about
here in fact the France was the first
one to drop love on the country they
were the first one and it goes without
saying why they did this it's very clear
this proves it let's not let's not think
of anything else this is the fact it's
right here and I'm at a loss for words
because I have to watch what I say when
I'm talking about this stuff if you know
what I'm talking about here alright and
then what about this Iraq Nets handsome
profit by dumping the dollar for the
euro one month later we know what
happened one literally one month after
this announcement you know what happened
not even not even one month they let go
by before they said alright we're gonna
make something up and this is what we're
doing we're going ahead not only did
they actually do the act but they made a
lot of money off then that poured salt
into the wound and they said no no we're
gonna have to make some up some BS and
we're gonna go in and we're gonna get
him out of there and we're gonna put in
our own puppets and that's exactly what
they did so we have two instances in the
past where this has happened where it is
documented what they did and now we have
one going ahead with that as planned so
set your clocks put the timer on and
let's watch this all unfold that's
happening right now we were going to see
it happen the guy in charge in that
country there will no longer be in
charge it is just a matter of time if
you found this video informative and
please give me a thumbs up it's hard for
me to not be able to say all the words
and I'm trying to sort of bend the
manipulate this and trying to make it
acceptable for this website that can't
even say the name of the website that
gets triggered as well but anyway
I just wanted to bring this to you I
thought it was informative that's all
take care